pyprocgame 0.9 Release Notes
============================

The following change notes are a summary of changes between git hash
`8482d6009a3b81f8624e <http://github.com/preble/pyprocgame/commit/8482d6009a3b81f8624ef620a60126aafdcad8d2>`_ and 
`8a769c077d1c184f5dcd <http://github.com/preble/pyprocgame/commit/8a769c077d1c184f5dcd76cfb0e1275318695095>`_:

General & Game
--------------

- Reorganized pyprocgame module source into separate files but consolidated submodules.  Most classes are still at the same module path externally, but the following have moved:

  - :class:`procgame.scoredisplay.ScoreDisplay` moved to :class:`procgame.modes.ScoreDisplay`
  - :class:`procgame.trough.Trough` moved to :class:`procgame.modes.Trough`
  - :class:`procgame.ballsave.BallSave` moved to :class:`procgame.modes.BallSave`
  - :class:`procgame.ballsearch.BallSearch` moved to :class:`procgame.modes.BallSearch`
  - :class:`procgame.replay.Replay` moved to :class:`procgame.modes.Replay`
  - :class:`procgame.highscoreentry.HighScoreEntry` moved to :class:`procgame.modes.HighScoreEntry`

  Most of the changes can be seen in commit `c06a031d1505c30a86b4 <http://github.com/preble/pyprocgame/commit/c06a031d1505c30a86b424ee8073ce6036010f2e>`_.

- :class:`~procgame.game.Mode` switch handlers should now return :data:`procgame.game.SwitchStop` or :data:`~procgame.game.SwitchContinue`, instead of `True` or `False`.  Although the values are the same the meaning is much clearer.

- Added :class:`procgame.game.BasicGame`, a new subclass of :class:`procgame.game.GameController` that comes with helpful classes like :class:`procgame.modes.ScoreDisplay` already installed.  Recommended for new game development.

- Added :mod:`procgame.config` module to facilitate system-wide configuration such as the path to DMD files (used to populate :attr:`procgame.dmd.font_path` and used within :meth:`procgame.dmd.font_named`).

- Added :class:`procgame.desktop.Desktop` which provides a virtual DMD and incorporates keyboard-to-event features previously in :mod:`procgame.keyboard`.  Both are demonstrated in the source code to :class:`procgame.game.BasicGame`.

- Removed :attr:`procgame.game.Player.info_record`.  Devs should use a game-specific subclass of :class:`Player` with the new method :meth:`procgame.game.GameController.create_player`.

- Added :class:`procgame.fakepinproc.FakePinPROC`, a :class:`pinproc.PinPROC` stand-in.

- Added :meth:`procgame.game.GameController.create_pinproc` to enable subclassing or replacing :class:`pinproc.PinPROC`.

- The :class:`procgame.sound.SoundController` will disable itself if it cannot initialize :mod:`pygame.mixer`.

- Added :meth:`procgame.game.GameController.get_events` and :meth:`procgame.game.GameController.tick`.

- Renamed *machineType* variables to the more Pythonic *machine_type*.

- Renamed :meth:`procgame.game.GameController.write_settings` to :meth:`~procgame.game.GameController.save_settings`.  Renamed :meth:`~procgame.game.GameController.write_game_data` to :meth:`~procgame.game.GameController.save_game_data`.

DMD
---

- Fixed :meth:`procgame.dmd.Animation.save` on some Windows platforms.

- Removed :attr:`procgame.dmd.DisplayController.capture` and :attr:`procgame.dmd.DisplayController.alt_frame_handler` in favor of :attr:`procgame.dmd.DisplayController.frame_handlers`.

- Added :meth:`procgame.dmd.Frame.subframe` and :meth:`procgame.dmd.Frame.create_with_text`.

- Fixed a case where the :attr:`procgame.dmd.Layer.opaque` property was not checked by :meth:`procgame.dmd.DisplayController.update`.

- Added :meth:`procgame.dmd.ScriptedLayer.force_next`.  Added transitions to :class:`procgame.dmd.ScriptedLayer` (experimental).

- :class:`procgame.dmd.AnimatedLayer` changed to no longer destructively edit the frames list.  Added :class:`procgame.dmd.FrameQueueLayer`, which does destructively edit the frames list.

- dmdconvert.py now sets upper four bits of each DMD dot to the source image's alpha channel value, if present.

- Added :mod:`procgame.highscore` module, with new :class:`procgame.highscore.EntrySequenceManager`.

- Added `y_offset` parameter to :meth:`procgame.dmd.MarkupFrameGenerator.frame_for_markup`.

- Added :class:`procgame.dmd.PanningLayer`.

- Added support for coils to :class:`procgame.lamps.LampShowTrack` and fixed a bug (thanks Koen) in name processing.

pypinproc
---------

- :class:`procgame.game.GameController` now calls :meth:`pinproc.PinPROC.flush` after every game loop.  This is in response to removing :func:`PRFlush` calls from within pypinproc driver update calls.

- Added event type constants :attr:`pinproc.EventTypeSwitchClosedDebounced` and others.

- Added machine type constants :attr:`pinproc.MachineTypeWPC` and others.  Added support for ``wpc95`` and ``wpcAlphanumeric`` machine types.

- Added auxiliary bus commands.

- Added :meth:`pinproc.PinPROC.driver_pulsed_patter`.

- Added switch rule reload; see :meth:`pinproc.PinPROC.switch_update_rule`.

