pyprocgame 1.x (Development) Release Notes
==========================================

The following change notes are a summary of changes since `1.0 <https://github.com/preble/pyprocgame/tree/1.0>`_:

pyprocgame
----------

	- Changed named parameter for :meth:`procgame.game.Driver.patter`: ``orig_on_time`` is now ``original_on_time``, to be consistent with pypinproc and other existing methods.
	- Added child modes.  See :meth:`procgame.game.Mode.add_child_mode` for more details.
	- :meth:`procgame.game.Mode.delay` now has more optional parameters, and will autogenerate a unique name and return it.
	- Added :meth:`procgame.dmd.Font.draw_in_rect`.
	- Added :attr:`procgame.dmd.TextLayer.fill_color`.
	- :attr:`procgame.game.Switch.hw_timestamp` is now set when available.
	- Added :attr:`procgame.modes.ScoreDisplay.credit_string_callback`.
	- :meth:`procgame.dmd.DisplayController.update` now returns the frame it generated.
	- Added ``dmdimage`` tool.
	- Game configuration file: game items (switches, coils, and lamps) can now have a ``tags`` key. This allows obtaining game items with a certain tag via :meth:`procgame.game.AttrCollection.items_tagged`.
	- Fixed an issue where :meth:`procgame.game.Switch.time_since_change` did not behave as documented. Previously, querying :meth:`time_since_changed` would always return 0 if called within that switch's handler. Now the time will be properly reset *after* the switch's events are handled.
	- Added :meth:`procgame.game.GameController.load_config_stream`.
	- Added :class:`procgame.events.EventManager`, a general purpose event dispatcher.
	- In :meth:`procgame.game.GameController.end_game`, :attr:`~procgame.game.GameController.ball` is now set to 0 before calling :meth:`~procgame.game.GameController.game_ended`.
	- Added :meth:`procgame.game.GameController.is_game_over`.
	- Added 'now' parameter to :meth:`procgame.game.Driver.patter`.  
	- Added :meth:`procgame.game.Driver.future_pulse`
	- Added :class:`procgame.game.PDBConfig` to handle 'pdb' machineType YAML parsing
	- Added 'polarity' field to YAML driver parsing
	- Added 'pulseTime' field to YAML driver parsing to set a driver's default pulse width.
	- Added 'label' field to YAML item parsing for human readable item descriptions.
